fix(localizations): Improve translation of "Update profile" in `es-ES` (#5208)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/slow-yaks-cough.md

---
"@clerk/localizations": patch
---

> Fix `userProfile.start.profileSection.primaryButton` string in `es-ES` localization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the translation of `userProfile.start.profileSection.primaryButton` in the `es-ES` locale.
```
